Stack Mechanics
When running the recursive factorial function, the print statements started by entering the biggest factorial, then the next biggest, 
until “Entering factorial(1)” and then immediately “Base case reached”, and the factorials worked back up to the original factorial 
entered. With the Fibonacci function, the process looked different, as the depth was increasing and decreasing depending on the value 
of n, but the print statements were able to help me track how far down the recursive functions were going. For the stack overflow, 
I didn’t get an error message in the terminal, but the output got all the way to “Call 42618” until it stopped printing output, 
including Parts 4-5. Evidently, the program ran out of space to function and crashed. The stack stores the function parameter, return 
address (where to go after the function finishes), local variables, and the saved registers. This is seen in part 1, as the stack grows 
as value for n decreases, until it hits 1 and unravels, “popping” each portion of the stack and returning a value to the previous 
iteration, until the original function call is completed.

Recursion Costs
The Fibonacci sequence uses more stack space because for each Fibonacci call with n <= 1, the Fibonacci function is recursively called 
twice. For example, with the value 3, the main function calls factorial(3), finds it is higher than 1, and then calls factorial(2), sees 
it is higher than 1, and calls factorial(1). At this point, the if statement confirms that n = 1, says that the base case is reached, 
and the 3 iterations of the recursive function are unraveled to give the result. However, for the Fibonacci function, with the value 3, 
the function finds that 3 is greater than 1, and calls both fibonacci(2, 1) and fibonacci(1, 1). fibonacci(2,1) also call two more 
functions: fibonacci(1, 2) and fibonacci(0, 2). The remaining three functions (fibonacci(1,1), fibonacci(1,2), and fibonacci(0,2) all 
have n<=1, so they return n). Where factorial(3) required 3 iterations, Fibonacci(3,0) called 5 functions; these numbers would grow 
apart further as the value of n increases. Python likely limits recursion depth so that if a complicated recursive function is used, or 
an extensive branching system is being analyzed, the program doesn’t crash; without that limit, depending on the function, it could 
crash easily.

Function Pointers and Callbacks
Function points enable callbacks by allowing functions as parameters. This allows more flexible code by allowing the same function call 
in the main portion to have different structure based on the parameter passed. Callback patterns are used for actions like pressing a 
key on the keyboard or clicking a button. Callbacks are more flexible than direct function calls, and allow less code for the same 
purpose; in the notes, there was an example where three separate functions were defined and called (took a lot of code even though they 
were very similar), but these could be combined in a callback.
